Add clarifying text for instance docs (#10608)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/step_by_step/instancing.rst

.. image:: img/instancing_ball_scene_open.webp

> In the left hand nav, under the Scene tab, select  the Ball node. Then, in the Inspector on the right, click on the PhysicsMaterial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Scene dock, select the Ball node. Then, in the Inspector
on the right, click on the PhysicsMaterial
```
or
```suggestion
In the Scene dock on the left, select the Ball node. Then, in the
Inspector on the right, click on the PhysicsMaterial
```
Since the concept of the scene dock was introduced earlier in the page, I think we can shorten this a bit. Also, "left hand nav" also isn't an official term that we use anywhere. I would also split up the line so it doesn't exceed 80 characters.

Author: Yes I agree with your second suggestion, since before we use "on the right" it would bring the eye back to the correct left side. Will address it tomorrow if not taken care of before then. Great suggestion.
